Third-party cookies: update link in D.O.C. (#4724)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/session-cookie/main/index.md

Okta uses an HTTP session cookie to provide access to your Okta org and apps across web requests for interactive user-agents such as a browser.

> > **Note:** Some browsers have begun blocking third-party cookies by default, which disrupts Okta functionality in certain flows. See [Mitigate the impact of third-party cookie deprecation](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-third-party-cookies).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, which disrupts Okta functionality in certain flows. See [Mitigate the impact of third-party cookie deprecation](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-third-party-cookies).
```
